Scrum PM v. 0.1.4

This version is compatibile with Redmine 0.9 stable. Previous versions may not work due to differences in new Issue form.

Scrum PM is a plugin for Redmine for Scrum project management. Redmine Version class becomes a sprint and issue becomes task. Most actions support drag and drop, eg. dashboard where you can change status of your task simply by draging it to another column. 
Some more interesting stuff planned:

# Support for uml driagram generators railroad(Rails) and umlgraph (JAVA).
# One click documentation generation (rdoc and javadoc)
# Continous integration with cruisecontrol
# Velocity planing


HOW TO INSTALL:
1. Install plugin
 git clone git://github.com/software-project/scrum-pm.git vendor/plugins/redmine_sprints
1. Install Attachment_fu
git clone git://github.com/technoweenie/attachment_fu.git vendor/plugins/attachment_fu
1. Install Googlecharts gem
sudo gem install googlecharts (note. uninstall GCharts if insalled)
1. Run the usual  plugin migration
rake db:migrate_plugins RAILS_ENV=production


Change log

0.1.4

# Added in place edititors for user assignment to issue, added unassigned issues assignment to user stories, added stats to dashboard, small clean up.

0.1.3

# Added burndown chart. User story is done when all dependent issues are done.

0.1.2

# Added compatibility with Redmine 0.9 stable

0.1.1

# Fixed issues with reassignment issues to version
# Fixed most links(edit/delete/show)
# Added status panel

0.1.0

# fixed sprint <=> user story assignment bug,
# added proper i18n for english and polish
